okay let's talk about the oneplus nord
this is a phone that is very easy to
like
very easy to recommend i think a lot of
reviewers are going to be crowning the
oneplus nord as like the best
android smartphone in this kind of price
point in the four or 500
price point this is the king for 2020.
it's that good
and if you look at the performance to
the price nothing really beats it
there's stuff that's comparable right a
lot of people are bringing up you know
phone x phone why
it's got similar hardware but if you're
looking for someone that has really
clean software
great support years of software support
this kind of sticks out as being
something special it's so good to the
point where even its own
brother or cousin like the oneplus 8 the
regular oneplus 8
this looks weirdly overpriced in
comparison to
the oneplus nord uh so the way i'm doing
this video is i'm going to do a mini
review of this phone
and then i want to talk about a purchase
decision because there's there's
there's stuff i want to talk about all
right let's talk about the good first
the screen 90 hertz super fluid
very fast flat edges there's no
accidental miss clicks or swipes
like i frequently get on the oneplus 8
pro
the build is good it feels very one plus
like the actual
heft and weight of the device feels good
feels like a solid device
but it definitely looks less premium to
me like the texture
on the side trim like it's a plastic
trim so there's just a bit of a
kind of wobble to the finish it's not
like a perfectly smooth finish like it
would be if it was metal
and it just gives this slightly less
premium look to it if you're being picky
and if you're looking for it
but the actual build of the phone seems
quite good for one with a plastic frame
the back material is glass and i like it
i don't think
there's kind of issues with a plastic
framed
phone like this at least not
structurally it's never going to be as
strong as a metal phone
for sure right but i think they did good
for a 450 dollar phone
the battery on this thing is excellent
it charges up really fast
it took just over 50 minutes to go from
zero to
100 like the full fill up and the screen
on time
nine maybe ten hours some days it's just
a very comfortable
full day battery the processor so this
was where i thought there'd be some
deficiencies but it is quite hard to
notice a difference like
this is from someone who's looking for
differences right so there's the
occasional hiccup when you're watching
embedded videos on certain websites if
you're on reddit and you're scrolling
and there's a video playing
sometimes it can stutter for a split
second and for gaming
i thought there'd be a more noticeable
difference like when they mentioned that
the snapdragon 765
you know you would notice it most in 3d
games you can notice it but it's not
like the games are unplayable like i'd
be very content
playing most games on this phone the
snapdragon 765 is perfectly good
so some things i don't like the mono
speaker i mentioned this in my preview
but it's something that i personally
value like i like my stereo sound when
i'm using
my phone in landscape and you don't get
it with this phone
uh it doesn't have wireless charging
doesn't have any water resistance
it's not the biggest deal but i do miss
wireless charging in particular
and i don't like the vibration motor
it's quite weak so if you're someone who
prefers
strong haptic feedback on their phone
you'll be a little bit disappointed with
the one on the oneplus nord
all right camera system this
is uh it's a fairly good camera system
i don't think it was something that was
unexpected
right i think that the photos that are
coming off this thing
are pretty much what i would have
expected from a four or
five hundred dollar oneplus phone now
oneplus
is marketing it as a flagship camera
it's the headlining feature they have on
their website
but when you put it against some legit
flagship cameras
it doesn't really hold up the images are
very similar to the oneplus 8
i'd say it's a bit softer and the colors
look a little flatter on the nord
the ultrawide camera isn't as good to me
so the images look
more washed out here it's nice to have
like i always prefer
ultrawides over zooms but the actual
image quality on this ultrawide sensor
isn't fantastic i think the oneplus 8
shoots better ultrawides than the nord
and same thing goes for the 8 pro
and like the iphone 11 obviously those
shoot noticeably better ultra wides
than the nord the low light photos are
pretty good i actually think that the
night shot photos are cleaner on the
nord than the oneplus 8. i was a little
surprised by that
the photos just keep a lot of the detail
even in really dark conditions
now the macro lens the third lens going
down
is terrible like if you look at the
oneplus 8 pro those macro photos are
fantastic that's like
top tier macro photography on a
smartphone compared to this thing the
nord
it's just really bad and take a look at
this photo this was done
on the pixel 3a it's using their ai zoom
feature
but you can get pretty good detail to
the same kind of zoom
as the macro lens on the oneplus 8 pro
not as good as the apro but noticeably
better
than this two megapixel sensor garbage
on the oneplus nord
i can't help but imagine an alternate
scenario where
the oneplus nord instead of having six
cameras had three
maybe even just two cameras one on the
front one in the back forget the zooms
and ultra wise just one really good
sensor
so the camera system the oneplus nord is
good but i would consider it to be like
a b-tier camera system
it's not on par with like a pixel or the
iphone 11's or
the p40 pro from huawei or even its own
oneplus 8 pro
those are all truly flagship camera
systems this
is not so if you're in the market and
you're looking for this phone you you
want to buy it you've pre-ordered it or
you plan on pre-ordering it
the camera system is it is what it is
just be aware of what you're getting
and if it's legitimately important to
you like if photography is something
that's very valuable to you
i would look somewhere else as
attractive as this phone is
for its price point i'd go for like a
pixel 3a or even the upcoming foray
because those
are those are those take better photos
okay there's one other thing i want to
talk about it just popped into my mind
just before i hit record on the camera
here
it was the idea of like what's next how
does oneplus position their
upcoming oneplus 9 or oneplus 9 pro like
if you take
like this is so good and it's it makes
other phones look weirdly overpriced
right
how do you sell a one plus nine or one
plus nine pro
in the future alongside this phone
that's only in like i don't know
six seven months it's not super far away
it just popped into my mind like how are
they gonna do it what do you think what
do you think is gonna be the
distinguishing feature between
the nines like the nine and the nine pro
and the nord
do you think it's like just camera
system cause like that's the biggest
difference right now right at least
between the eight pro
and the nord how do they do it okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs if
you liked it
subs if you loved it i'll see you guys
next time